You try to find and correct
the bug in the code.
A hint, something is missing.
Can you figure that out?
I'm teaching
Computer Science Discoveries
to ninth graders,
and they're all working
on their own,
but they need a lot of support.
Good job.
♪
Talk over your game ideas
with your work partners.
We have an internship program
at Lincoln...
(unintelligible)
...where students
are placed in workplaces,
and we were able to make this
a workplace experience
for an internship.
I'm an intern and, um,
what I do is I help kids
who are, like, stuck.
I help fix their code
if they're having trouble.
So, Connery is an 11th grader
at Lincoln High School
who's completed
computer science courses
and is currently taking
a computer science course.
This computational thinking
is not something
that they're used to
and it's not something
that they see
in their other classes.
So, when you have
34 kids with laptops
and they're all working on
these individual projects,
sometimes they need
a little bit of help.
So, having that extra person
in the room with you,
it's like,
"If I could duplicate myself
in the classroom,
what would I be doing?"
And that's what
the intern is doing.
It's important that this is
a workplace situation
because it lends an air
of seriousness
and responsibility.
They have a teacher's account,
so they have access to all
of the teacher materials
and it's their job
to prepare,
to understand the material,
to complete all
of the activities prior
so that they can best help.
They have to come up
with questions
for how they're going to help
the students to understand
without just
kind of being like,
"Oh, well, just do this."
For this internship,
you can't really just show up.
You need to prepare
for your classes.
They just place, like, in here.
Like, it's gonna look weird
instead of the animation.
Before we go
into the classroom,
we review the lesson
and making sure
that we're correcting
each other
on any mistakes that we have.
All right, let's go in this one.
We make sure that
we're gonna help students out
by defining all
the major issues
that they may have
in the lesson.
They also forget
the set animation.
The internship program
is really a cornerstone
for preparing our students
for college and career.
Our students take
a junior year internship,
work for one semester.
They'll leave school early
two afternoons a week
to go to a business,
a nonprofit,
or a government agency,
a tech company, a hospital,
a police precinct,
a senior center,
a homeless shelter.
The guiding question,
really, for our program
is when do adolescents know
that they're becoming adults?
The internship program
helps students
make that transition.
In a résumé,
you don't need a period
because they're
incomplete sentences anyway.
By the end of the program,
students will be work-ready,
they'll have an
Abraham Lincoln-approved résumé,
and then we help
to integrate them
into the job market.
This is all great stuff.
♪
Computer science
is really well-suited
for a workplace internship
because you need more help
while you're learning it
and it's more fun
and less frustrating
while you're learning it,
which means that
there's a better chance
you'd like to keep learning it
and that you would remember
what you learned.
Instead of relying
on a teacher,
you can learn from your peers,
and it helps me
with my social skills.
It's valuable for
all of the students
on so many levels
to be working with each other,
to have something in school
that they could aspire to do,
to see other students
being professional,
considering this is
a--as a workplace
as well as
a learning environment,
being able to get
the help they need,
interacting across
different grade levels.
There's just so much
that is valuable about it.
I'm very, very lucky
that this happened.
Yeah, I got it now.
I think it is an opportunity
for students to grow
'cause they're no longer
the student.
Now they're the teacher,
now they're the employee,
and they're doing
something real
that can give them
some kind of skills
for their future.
♪